README.md, before:

# Game Made with P5 :: Hipsta Witch

Check it out at [this url](https://paulushcgcj.github.io/imersaoaluragamedev/)

This game was part of the Alura Gamedev Immersion.

## Kudos

<div>Icons made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a></div>

## First class

- [X] Order [personagem.js](personagem.js) matrix, removing all fixed number and replacing them by a math mumbo jumbo.
- [ ] Create an account at [codepen.io](https://codepen.io)
- [ ] Create your own story about Hipsta witch. Why she's walking on the forest?
- [ ] Make your own sprites, making a game with a well defined style! Make an homage to your hero, youtuber or someone :).
- [X] Clean up image function to make it more clean and organized!
- [ ] Tag Paulo Silveira on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/paulo_caelum) or [Instagram](https://instagram.com/paulo_hipster), [Juliana Negreiros](https://twitter.com/juunegreiros) and Guilherme Lima on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/guilhermebzlima] or [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/gui.lima.2020/) with  #ImersaoGameDev so they can check it out!

Commit message:

Adding some more text and challenges

README.md, after:

# Game Made with P5 :: Hipsta Witch

Check it out at [this url](https://paulushcgcj.github.io/imersaoaluragamedev/)

This game was part of the Alura Gamedev Immersion.

## Kudos

<div>Icons made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a></div>

## First class challenges

- [X] Order [personagem.js](personagem.js) matrix, removing all fixed number and replacing them by a math mumbo jumbo.
- [ ] Create an account at [codepen.io](https://codepen.io)
- [ ] Create your own story about Hipsta witch. Why she's walking on the forest?
- [ ] Make your own sprites, making a game with a well defined style! Make an homage to your hero, youtuber or someone :).
- [X] Clean up image function to make it more clean and organized!
- [ ] Tag Paulo Silveira on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/paulo_caelum) or [Instagram](https://instagram.com/paulo_hipster), [Juliana Negreiros](https://twitter.com/juunegreiros) and Guilherme Lima on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/guilhermebzlima] or [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/gui.lima.2020/) with  #ImersaoGameDev so they can check it out!

## Personal Challenges

- [ ] Reduce the canvas size to be inside some other centered component
- [ ] Make it a PWA (just want to, give me a break -_-)
- [ ] 1-bit challenge
